Twitter's one piece
a I think I've have social
social action that can lead to
revolution
so we can ask what is the
responsibility up such a
efficient such in fission media
communicative source
that's a hard call i mean you
know they have algorithms they
have the ability to censor hash
tags that are
gaining popularity or not is
there with anyone that
people though you know the
correct programmers command the
programmers you
any other create the other day
there are people in charge it
when it rains all about Justin
Bieber and centrist
so there are ethical issues that
arise with how
how Twitter is you somehow news
is disseminated and what choices
are made because I had to ask
this stone cofounder Twitter
what he thought
about people referring to these
revolutions as
Twitter revolutions check it out
we were getting lumped in the
headlines with every important
thing I was going on in the
world but
I made sure to tell people on
Twitter no
because the newspapers are going
to Twitter revolution and also I
so it's not a revolution
up you got it you gotta keep in
mind everybody that
these people are bleeding in the
street that people are dying
a they reached for the closest
and we happen to like about
where we happen to be there
right place right time but let's
not
let's not say to ourselves we
were doing that
so I was getting invited to go
on a list you know night
evening talk shows all the stuff
I said no this is be
inappropriate I don't personally
I don't know anything about
what's going on to look like an
idiot
know after a comment
international policy well I know
about it
way second overall these people
dying and and bleeding and
you know suffering and desperate
and I'm not gonna hotline
whereas on on the back at that
so I wrote 2 a.m. but
at the same time I was going for
pressure from my board like hey
man you gotta go on a show with
we're going to grow the you know
and I getting some can edit
and I and I I was kinda stock
because I the court has to do
with boards do
and that's you know maximum work
with a company that right
so what you do so I i felt I
shouldn't I'm I got told me
don't wanna shows
blasted in wanna piss off all
these media folks because yeah I
do want to go on the show's
later and
and yeah I do want to hype up
the product and get the brand
out there and everything else
so I lucked out with one word I
chose one word that was the
appropriate word which was
inappropriate I said I feel it
would be inappropriate for me
to come on a program and talk
about this and not work because
I got back
universally up another one word
answer from
a lot of these producers was
understood the housing
I worked good later I did going
on this earth but
you know for brighter sunnier
things going right now I know
obviously it's it's to it
it was inappropriate and anyone
who at the time was
going on there and claiming that
their you know what you know I
would say
I think they are the berlin wall
with when when the Berlin Wall
fell
where telephones used yesterday
TNT's a we brought down the
berlin wall
know but we're home phone calls
major